# JavaScript:
&nbsp; JavaScript is a general purpose Just In Time Compilation language which is used to create a dynamic webpages. JavaScript can be run in JavaScript Engine which is present in the browser. JavaScript is single threaded and JavaScript can perform asynchronous operations, like handling API requests or timers, through functions like setTimeout, fetch, and Promises.. It supports all procedural, functional and Object Oriented Programming. With the versatality of JavaScript we can use react library with association of other libraries to create a framework and with node js we can perform backend work. It is totally different from HTML and CSS because javascript is a general purpose language but html and css are not. We can't write any logic using HTML and CSS. With that we can create static webpage. 

# Variables:
&nbsp; In javascript variables can be defined as a container which will store the value or the memory address of the value location. According to the data type i.e., for primitive datatype like (number, string, undefined, null, boolean) are stored as value. The non primitive datatype like arrays, function, object are stored its memory address. To declare a variable in normal mode it is recommended to use let, var, const keyword. In strict mode with out declaring we can't use the variable. let is a keyword which give access to the data declared in it in local level. let variable can be declared once and initialize and reinitialize when ever we want. var is the keyword which give scope to the data in functional level. var can also be declared once and initialize or reinitialize when ever we want. const is also keyword which is used to declare the variable that cannot be reinitialize or changed. 